Upgrade plugin to Sylius 1.13 compatibility (#67)
BitBagCommerce/SyliusBlacklistPlugin: README.md

## Installation
```bash
composer require bitbag/blacklist-plugin -W
```

You will see error during cache:clear operation. It will disappear after whole installation process.

> ![Origin](doc/images/installation-error.png)

Reviewer: How about running the composer command with `--no-scripts` switch, and let user to run cache:clear at the end of process?

Author: Done. It's resolve issue

## Installation
```bash

> composer require bitbag/blacklist-plugin -W --no-scripts

Reviewer: But... why `-W` ?

Author: Yesterday I got problems without that flag. But today it is ok. Done

Update your database

```bash
bin/console doctrine:migrations:migrate
```

**Note:** If you are running it on production, add the `-e prod` flag to this command.

Update your database schema:

```bash
doctrine:schema:update --dump-sql
```

> If the list includes only changes for updating the database by adding 'fraud_status,' you can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the list includes only changes for updating the database by adding 'fraud_status' you can use:
```

Author: Done

Update your database

```bash
bin/console doctrine:migrations:migrate
```

**Note:** If you are running it on production, add the `-e prod` flag to this command.

Update your database schema:

```bash
doctrine:schema:update --dump-sql
```

> If the list only includes changes for updating the database by adding 'fraud_status,' you can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the list includes only changes for updating the database by adding 'fraud_status,' you can use:
```

Author: done

```bash
doctrine:schema:update -f
```

> If there is other changes make sure that will not destroy your database schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are another changes, please make sure they will not destroy your database schema.
```

Author: done
